README.md, before:

# HealthConnect – AI-Powered Telemedicine Platform

**Timeline:** Oct 2024 – Apr 2025  
**Stack:** React, Node.js, Python, PostgreSQL, TensorFlow, Redis, JWT, Docker, GitHub Actions, Microservices, AWS-ready

## Architecture
- Microservices: `user-service` (auth/users), `appointment-service` (appointments), `ml-service` (TensorFlow FastAPI).
- DB: PostgreSQL (UUIDs via pgcrypto).
- Cache: Redis (metrics and appointment list caching).
- Auth: JWT (middleware in services).
- Frontend: React + Vite with lazy loading.
- CI/CD: GitHub Actions workflow (`.github/workflows/deploy.yml`).
- Docker: `docker-compose.yml` orchestrates all services.

## Run locally
```bash
docker compose up --build
```
Services:
- Frontend: http://localhost:3000
- User Service: http://localhost:4001
- Appointment Service: http://localhost:4002
- ML Service: http://localhost:5000
- Postgres: localhost:5432 (hc_user/hc_password, db=healthconnect)
- Redis: localhost:6379

## APIs
- `POST /api/auth/register` → { email, password, role, fullName }
- `POST /api/auth/login` → returns JWT
- `GET /api/appointments` (JWT) → role-aware list
- `POST /api/appointments` (JWT) → create

## ML Service
`POST /predict` with `{ "symptoms": ["fever","cough"] }` → mock prognosis + confidence.  
If a real Keras model is placed at `services/ml-service/model/model.h5`, it will attempt to load at startup.

## Notes
- Secrets controlled via env in `docker-compose.yml`.
- Schema auto-applied from `db/schema.sql` on first Postgres start.

Commit message:

Enhance README with project scope and disclaimer
Added project scope and disclaimer to README.

README.md, after:

## Project Scope & Disclaimer

This repository showcases the **system architecture, microservices design, and DevOps workflow**
of an AI-powered telemedicine platform.

Some production-level components (e.g., trained ML models, environment secrets,
and certain internal configurations) are intentionally excluded.
The focus is on **engineering design, service interaction, and implementation quality**.

# HealthConnect – AI-Powered Telemedicine Platform

**Timeline:** Oct 2024 – Apr 2025  
**Stack:** React, Node.js, Python, PostgreSQL, TensorFlow, Redis, JWT, Docker, GitHub Actions, Microservices, AWS-ready

## Architecture
- Microservices: `user-service` (auth/users), `appointment-service` (appointments), `ml-service` (TensorFlow FastAPI).
- DB: PostgreSQL (UUIDs via pgcrypto).
- Cache: Redis (metrics and appointment list caching).
- Auth: JWT (middleware in services).
- Frontend: React + Vite with lazy loading.
- CI/CD: GitHub Actions workflow (`.github/workflows/deploy.yml`).
- Docker: `docker-compose.yml` orchestrates all services.

## Run locally
```bash
docker compose up --build
```
Services:
- Frontend: http://localhost:3000
- User Service: http://localhost:4001
- Appointment Service: http://localhost:4002
- ML Service: http://localhost:5000
- Postgres: localhost:5432 (hc_user/hc_password, db=healthconnect)
- Redis: localhost:6379

## APIs
- `POST /api/auth/register` → { email, password, role, fullName }
- `POST /api/auth/login` → returns JWT
- `GET /api/appointments` (JWT) → role-aware list
- `POST /api/appointments` (JWT) → create

## ML Service
`POST /predict` with `{ "symptoms": ["fever","cough"] }` → mock prognosis + confidence.  
If a real Keras model is placed at `services/ml-service/model/model.h5`, it will attempt to load at startup.

## Notes
- Secrets controlled via env in `docker-compose.yml`.
- Schema auto-applied from `db/schema.sql` on first Postgres start.
